What is Git and how is it different than Github

Git is an open-source, version control tool. Version control system is basically a tool for managing changes to your 
codebase in a way that allows for these same changes to be tracked over time, and allows working with others much
easier because it is all in a central place. Github is a platform used to save and store your code and makes 
tools which integrate with git. Github is used to collaborate with others. The difference between the two is that you 
do not need GitHub to use git, but it does not work the other way around, therefore you cannot use Github without using git.
Github is also not the only platform that can be used with git, there are many others such as BitBucket, GitLab, etc.

Why use the terminal

It is important to learn to use the terminal because most computer users interact with the computer through the Graphical User Interface
(GUI). A gui is really just a visualization of the set of commands that are sent to your computer. But when using the terminal, you
can speak "face to face" to the computer. It is also more efficient than working with GUIs especially when it comes to creating file 
structures.

Explain 3 benefits of version control in your own words

• History - One of the benefits of version control is having the ability to have your changes stored, and being able to revert
to that change, or see the different changes across one document. As a programmer, we make mistakes all the time, and having the
ability to go back in case of any mistake is very helpful. It's also very helpful to compare changes, in case you have run into 
a bug and you want to compare to the last change you have made.

• Work with others - Another benefit of version control, is having the ability to work with others, as this makes it much easier to
work on projects, it allows others to collaborate better and watch for any overwritting of code, and if there is any overwritting of code,
that is why, history, again becomes very helpful.

• Work remote - The best benefit of all, is having the ability to work wherever you are and not be constrained to one device. Both git and Github
make this very easy, and this is very helpful in case a laptop breaks/malfunctions, and so work is not completely lost. 